docs: clarify reverse proxy usage (#852)
autobrr/autobrr: README.md

systemctl enable -q --now --user autobrr@$USER
```

> By default, the configuration is set to listen on `127.0.0.1`. It is highly recommended to use a reverse proxy like [nginx](https://www.nginx.com/), [caddy](https://caddyserver.com/v2) or [traefik](https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/getting-started/quick-start/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the configuration is set to listen on `127.0.0.1`. It is highly recommended to use a reverse proxy like [nginx](https://autobrr.com/installation/linux#nginx), [caddy](https://autobrr.com/installation/linux#caddy) or [traefik](https://autobrr.com/installation/docker#traefik).
```

This is just my suggestion, I'm okay with whatever. It is nice to link directly to configurations we know work with autobrr though :)

> By default, the configuration is set to listen on `127.0.0.1`. It is highly recommended to use a reverse proxy like [nginx](https://autobrr.com/installation/linux#nginx), [caddy](https://autobrr.com/installation/linux#caddy) or [traefik](https://autobrr.com/installation/docker#traefik).

Reviewer 2: Does an end user gain anything by setting up the entirety of nginx, caddy, or traefik for autobrr usage only? Wouldn't it be better to say it's supported, as opposed to implying that not running autobrr in this fashion is a mistake.

Reviewer 3: Made a slight modification.
